Here you'll find solutions built on top of the secure Azure OpenAI Service that lets you tap into new capabilities enabled by GPT models.


# Donor Engagement Assistant

Donor Engagement Assistant is a customized experience for the Microsoft Dynamics 365 Fundraising and Engagement platform to allow users of the system to create targeted email communications to donors. Based on their needs, users will interact with the Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service to create a personal letter and send it to a donor.

Functioning solution with documentation on how to implement it and use it available here: [Donor Engagement Assistant](https://github.com/microsoft/DonorEngagementAssistant)




# Fundraising Proposal Assistant

Fundraising Proposal Assistant is a customized experience for the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit to allow fundraisers to generate a draft fundraising proposal email that can be edited and sent to prospective donors. The draft proposal is generated by Open AI based on the context of an opportunity, a donor’s profile, interests, and funding priorities in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit.

Functioning solution with documentation on how to implement it and use it available here: [Fundraising Proposal Assistant](https://github.com/microsoft/FundraisingProposalAssistant)



# Nonprofit Virtual Assistant (for Microsoft Teams)

Nonprofit Virtual Assistant is a Teams-based Virtual Assistant for nonprofit organizations, powered by OpenAI services. With the Nonprofit Virtual Assistant, nonprofit organizations can take advantage of the advanced language capabilities of OpenAI to simplify internal workflows and deepen their connection with their communities, patrons, donors, and stakeholders more effectively than ever before.
The assistant will focus on generating four essential letters: Funding Request Letter, In-Kind Donation Request Letter, Urgent Appeal Letter, and Volunteer Recruitment Letter.

Functioning solution with documentation on how to implement it and use it available here: [Nonprofit Virtual Assistant](https://github.com/microsoft/NonprofitVirtualAssistant)

